README.md, before:

# Fachschaft-Planning


Planning for our meetings, anyone may contribute!

If you want to contribute, see [here](#contributing)

If actually contributing is too daunting of a task, click [here](https://github.com/fs-linguistics/Fachschaft-Planning/issues/new/choose) 
to fill out a github issue for clarification. Or ask in one of our group chats. Or message us on instagram. Or do whatever you want with your life. 

# Todos

## Tutorials

- Reserve room for next semester 
  - Need to figure out how many people are coming. 

### Topics

#### Technical Topics
- Git
- What an ide is
- Download VS Code
- Basic Commandline
- Debugging examples

#### Living topics 
- What studying is like 
- student life is like
- What resources you have available
- General tips for being in the major
- Studying hacks



# Contributing

Since you study Comp Ling, it's your responsibility to know git. 😎  

That means if you want to contribute you can open a pull request, and I'll merge it.
If you are a frequent contributer I can also give you push access. 

(If you are still unfamiliar with git, you can also open an issue, and I'll manually add it).

Commit message:

Add agenda for next meeting

README.md, after:

# Fachschaft-Planning


Planning for our meetings, anyone may contribute!

If you want to contribute, see [here](#contributing)

If actually contributing is too daunting of a task, click [here](https://github.com/fs-linguistics/Fachschaft-Planning/issues/new/choose) 
to fill out a github issue for clarification. Or ask in one of our group chats. Or message us on instagram. Or do whatever you want with your life. 

# Next meeting: 

July 28 at 5PM on Discord. 

[Agenda](meetings/20230728.md)

# Todos

## Tutorials


- Before we reserve room, we need
  - Room capacity, so figure out how many people are planning to come
  - At what time would be the best, and for how long
    - Propose maybe just do an hour a day and then get lunch together?
- Finalize topics/general domain, so we can get contracts and people to teach.

### Topics

#### Technical Topics
- Git
- What an ide is
- Download VS Code
- Basic Commandline
- Debugging examples

#### Living topics 
- What studying is like 
- student life is like
- What resources you have available
- General tips for being in the major
- Studying hacks


# Contributing

Since you study Comp Ling, it's your responsibility to know git. 😎  

That means if you want to contribute you can open a pull request, and I'll merge it.
If you are a frequent contributer I can also give you push access. 

(If you are still unfamiliar with git, you can also open an issue, and I'll manually add it).
