precourse_2025/Schedule.md, before:

# Schedule

**!!1st draft!!**

## Monday
- Official start of the pre-course (all)
- Overview of the program structure & Information about 1st semester courses (Erik)
  - handbook first round
- How to sign up for courses & Overview of language courses (depending on CEFR) (Seoha)
  - Moodle
    - make them sign-up for intro meetings
- *Intro meetings*
- *General social event*
  - try to book a room in Brechtbau for a general hang-out  

## Tuesday
- Post intro meeting Q&A (all)
  - Study hack from each organiser
- General scary admin things GL CL separate (all)
- Overview of the university platforms (Seoha,Akshat)
  - alma, library, ilias 
- Intro to General Linguistics (Aida)
- Introduction to Computational Linguistics (Lina)

## Wednesday
- Gentle introduction to programming (Erik)
- Computer setup for your studies (Miriam)
  - VPN
  - Python
  -  (GL Q&A separately) (Erik,?)
- Java (tutors)
- Living and Studying in Tübingen (Lina, Annika)
  - Introduction to the structure and research at the SfS/German academia??
- Tour of the campus
  - Group leaders: Akshat, Lina, Aida, Seoha (others if needed)

## Thursday
- Introduction to Git, command line (?)
- Info on Generative AI use (Erik(for the negative),? (for the positive))
  - there is a form of AI use by the uni  
- MA specific session (Amelie) in FS room

## Friday
- *Lab 0*
- City rally/city tour
  - Group leaders: Akshat, Lina, Aida, Seoha (others if needed)
- *Pub Crawl*

# Idea pool

Commit message:

Revise schedule with timings and session details
Updated the schedule with detailed timings and session descriptions for each day.

precourse_2025/Schedule.md, after:

# Schedule

## Monday
11am-1pm
- Official start of the pre-course & introducing us and the FS (all 10 minutes)
- Overview of the program structure & Information about 1st semester courses (Erik 45 minutes)
  - handbook first round
- How to sign up for courses & Overview of language courses (depending on CEFR) (Seoha) (45 minutes)
  - Moodle
    - make them sign-up for intro meetings
- 1pm-2pm non-commital mensa
- *Intro meetings*
  - GL 2pm-4pm
  - CL 4pm-6pm
  
- *General social event*
  - try to book a room in Brechtbau for a general hang-out  

## Tuesday
9am-12pm
- Post intro meeting Q&A (all) (30 minutes)
  - Study hack from each organiser sprinkled through
- Handbook walkthrough (Lina & Erik, 45 minutes)
  - General scary admin things GL CL separate / not at all scary study plan with a basic skeleton
- Speed-dating social thing (Lina 20 minutes)
- Overview of the university platforms (Seoha,Akshat 30 minutes)
  - alma, library, ilias 
- Intro to General Linguistics (Aida, 25 minutes)
- Introduction to Computational Linguistics (Lina, 25 minutes)

## Wednesday
9am-12pm
- Gentle introduction to programming (Erik 20 minutes)
- Generative AI and use (15 minutes)
  - there is a form of AI use by the uni  
- Computer setup for your studies (Miriam, ? minutes)
  - VPN
  - Python
  -  (GL Q&A separately) (Erik,?)
- Java (tutors)

1pm - 3pm
- Living and Studying in Tübingen (Lina, Annika) (1h)
  - Introduction to the structure and research at the SfS/German academia??
2pm
- Tour of the campus
  - Group leaders: Akshat, Lina, Aida, Seoha (others if needed)

## Thursday
- Introduction to Git, command line (tutors)
- rest of the setup
- MA specific session (Amelie) in FS room

## Friday
- *Lab 0*
- 1pm-4pm/whenever
- City rally/city tour
  - Group leaders: Akshat, Lina, Aida, Seoha (others if needed)

- *Pub Crawl*

# Idea pool
