# Monday, 12th of February 2024

![Logo](logo.jpg)

## Agenda

- more events
- merch (+tote bags(?))
- Rofaïda's summary of the Modulhandbuch
- form for reimbursing BA thesis expenses

## Meeting
**Present: Cara, Erik, Lina, Nicolai, Rofaïda, Vicky**

### More Events
- ice skating was a success
- more non-drinking events
- BBQ/picknick in Bota
	- nice to do on a monthly basis
- bring back virtual events?
	- virtual pub crawl?
	- virtual game night
- pub crawl at the start of the semester?
- regular Stammtisch after FS meetings
- bring back game night?
- ask Saile again about moodle page
- ask Bo about twitch

### Merch
- totebags also for students
- socks? (Vicky wants socks)
- stickers?
- bother Bo about hoodies

### Rofaïda's summary of the Modulhandbuch
- will be uploaded and checked later
- pay special attention to Schlüsselqualis

### Form 
- Vicky created form on FS Google account, FS will look at it

### IBR Notes
- take a look Prüfungsordnung

---

Start: 18:00

End: 

Moderator: Vicky

Protocol by: Nicolai


