# Date

![Logo](logo.jpg)

## Agenda

- reschedule ice skating
- how do we get more people involved?
- UD workshop
- exam folder
- BBP Hütte
- hoodies
- support acquiring materials for seminars/theses


## Meeting
**Present: Annette, Bo, Cara, Erik, Lina, Nicolai, Rofaïda, Vicky**


### Ice Skating
- 11th of February at 2PM
	- FS will take the train at 13:33PM at HBF
	- emphasise that people can bring friends
	- 2010s party at Butterbrezel after

### How do we get more people involved?
- during covid we did virtual pub crawl and game night which people liked doing
- Bo is responsible for the virtual game night
- bring back regular game night next semester
- more regular events 
- use moodle page more (Nicolai will email Anja)


### UD workshop
- success with a large number of participants

### Exam Folder
- move exam folder to our office
- people responsible for the exams

### BBP Hütte
- Bo and Nicolai will attend

### Hoodies
- Bo will make an announcement in the FS WhatsApp group
- we will order more hoodies for new members in the winter semester

### Financial Support for Students Acquiring Materials for Seminars/Theses
- FS has plenty of funds available
- use some funds for less affluent student projects
- form to submit request (why needed / how can future students benefit)

---

Start: 18:29

End: 19:25

Moderator: Vicky

Protocol by: Nicolai


