# Date

![Logo](logo.jpg)

## Agenda

- Moodle Update?
- AK QSM
- QSM/IBR
- Modulhandbuch Summary
- Support for Thesis

## Meeting
**Present: Cara, Rofaïda, Nicolai**


### Modulhandbuch Summary
- done

### AK QSM
- No Bo, so no update

### Moodle Update
- still no reaction

### Support for Thesis
- five people deciding whether or not to grant
- max of €150
- if books were acquired, books need to be donated to the FS

---

Start: 18:50

End: 19:00

Protocol by: Nicolai
