# 14th of February

![Logo](logo.jpg)

## Agenda
- Go over the WS feedback form results
- Workshops for the summer semester
- Other fun events, e.g. bringing back the city rally
- Website updates: content (Lina) and looks (Nicolai)


## Meeting
**Present: Present: Lina, Erik, Aida, Miriam, Akshat**


## Form about the WS25 feedback + planning
- Discussed what events could be improved or how
- Planned some events for the next semester

## Workshops and Academic Events

# Latex workshop
- Erik, Lina, Aida, Akshat
- weekend event on the 3rd of May

# Intro to R workshop:
- Erik, Lina and Nicolai might help
- Lina will post an announcement asking people to help
- weekend event on the 26th of April

# UD workshop:
- Erik emails Cagri about it
- Might not take place
- Lina will maybe post an announcement later asking for organiseres

# Julia workshop:
- Lina, Nicolai, Akshat
- Taking place in May, most likely on the 17th or 24th
- We have all the materials; we have to organise them

# Linnguistics Olympiad:
- Aida will do most of the orga
- We might translate the instructions (German + English option)
- Reach out to other departments for interested students
- Taking place at some point in June

## Moodle
- Lina will request the Fachschaft summer semester moodle course

## Updating the website:
- Lina wrote down a list of things to be corrected; others should add to it
- Lina (probably) will correct the contents


---

Start: 18:00

End: 20:00

Protocol by: Lina
