# 12th of May

![Logo](logo.jpg)

## Agenda
- Julia workshop
- Mixer event
- possible hike


## Meeting
**Present: Present: Lina, Aida, Cara, Akshat**

## Julia:
- taking place on the 24th instead of 17th


## Mixer
- Cara will get in touch with a responsible person


## Hike:
- possible hike on the following Saturday
- Akshat will organise it 

---

Start: 18:10

End: 18:40

Protocol by: Lina
