# 27th of January

![Logo](logo.jpg)

## Agenda
- distributing responsibilities
- events for the following semester
- room usage in the break and next semester
- BBP clean up the week of the 10th
- BBP Fachschaftshütte
- Daniela's play
- workshop for updating the website
- new fs email address
- repetetorium
- WhatsApp
- Discord

## Meeting
**Present: Lina, Akshat, Ådne, Ilinca, Nicolai, Aida, Cara**

### Distributing Responsibilities
- email: give email access to new ppl
- Insta: fix the email address once we have the new one
- new WhatsApp group for active members
- QSM: update how to and get ppl interested in it
- IBR: ask ppl if they are interested

### Events next Semester
- hike
- pubcrawl
- movie nights
- game night
- BBQ
- mixer with anthropology
- Stammtisch after intro meeting

### Room Usage
- in the break: don't need the room
- during the semester:
    - regular meetings: still Mondays, 18:30–19:30?
    - will extend times a bit, but mostly keep them

### BBP Clean Up
- Nicolai will go, so we don't lose

### BBP Hütte
- Nicolai will go, ideally some more German speakers

### Updating the Website
- new workshop to update the website next Semester
- add past events
- remove dead links

### New FS Email Address
- Nicolai will email Franke about fachschaft@semsprach.uni-tuebingen.de / account that's not tied to a person
- if we need someone: Aida volunteered to do it

### Repetetorium
- do a survey if there's interest and what for

### WhatsApp
- created new group

### Discord
- look at mods

---

Start: 18:30

End: 19:30

Protocol by: Nicolai